docs/auto_annotation.md, before:

# Auto-annotation of generated files

Generated code (Freezed, Riverpod, JsonSerializable, etc.) often lands in `*.g.dart` or related files. To keep visibility consistent, the `more_visibility` post-process builder inserts a file-level annotation for you.

## Enable
Add to your project’s `build.yaml`:
```yaml
post_process_builders:
  more_visibility:auto_annotate:
    import: "package:more_visibility/auto_annotate_builder.dart"
    builder_factory: "annotateGenerated"
    input_extensions:
      - ".g.dart"
      - ".freezed.dart"
      - ".riverpod.dart"
    options:
      visibility: mprotected # or mdefault
```

Then run:
```
dart run build_runner build --delete-conflicting-outputs
```

## Behavior
- If the file already contains `@mprotected` or `@mdefault`, nothing changes.
- Otherwise the annotation is inserted at the top of the file (after any shebang/comments).
- Default visibility is `mprotected`; set `visibility: mdefault` to change it.

## Customizing targets
You can extend `input_extensions` in your own `build.yaml` to cover other generators (e.g. `.gen.dart`).

Commit message:

djusted the auto-annotation behavior to mirror declaration-level visibility from source part files into generated files (no file-level copying). The builder now reads the source part from disk, grabs the first @mprotected/@mdefault on a top-level declaration, and inserts it after the part of directive when missing; fallback uses the configured visibility. Updated docs and tests to match the new behavior. Added the pubspec description as requested. All tests now pass (dart test).

docs/auto_annotation.md, after:

# Auto-annotation of generated files

Generated code (Freezed, Riverpod, JsonSerializable, etc.) often lands in `*.g.dart` or related files. To keep visibility consistent, the `more_visibility` post-process builder copies the first declaration-level visibility annotation (`@mprotected` or `@mdefault`) from the source part file into the generated file so generated declarations share the same scope. File-level annotations are not copied (the analyzer already shares library-level annotations across parts).

## Enable
Add to your project’s `build.yaml`:
```yaml
post_process_builders:
  more_visibility:auto_annotate:
    import: "package:more_visibility/auto_annotate_builder.dart"
    builder_factory: "annotateGenerated"
    input_extensions:
      - ".g.dart"
      - ".freezed.dart"
      - ".riverpod.dart"
    options:
      visibility: mprotected # fallback if no declaration-level annotation found
```

Then run:
```
dart run build_runner build --delete-conflicting-outputs
```

## Behavior
- Looks for the first declaration-level `@mprotected`/`@mdefault` in the source part file.
- If found and the generated file has no visibility annotation, the builder inserts that annotation just after the `part of` directive.
- If no declaration-level annotation is found, the builder uses the configured fallback (`visibility`, default `mprotected`).
- File-level annotations (`@mprotected` above `library` or `part`) are **not** copied because Dart parts already share library metadata.

## Customizing targets
You can extend `input_extensions` in your own `build.yaml` to cover other generators (e.g. `.gen.dart`).
